Adding additional information for completions in Prezto (#8607)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/_index.md

	)
```

#### Prezto

```zsh
poetry completions zsh > ~/.zprezto/modules/completion/external/src/_poetry
```

{{% note %}}
You may need to restart your shell in order for these changes to take effect.

> If completions still don't work, try removing `~/.cache/prezto/zcompcache` and starting a new shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If completions still do not work, you can try removing the `~/.cache/prezto/zcompcache` file and restarting your shell.
```

	)
```

#### Prezto

```zsh
poetry completions zsh > ~/.zprezto/modules/completion/external/src/_poetry
```

{{% note %}}

> You may need to restart your shell in order for these changes to take effect.

Reviewer 2: I assume this note was meant for all types of shells. Maybe, we should put it at the top (before the sections for indiviual shells).
